Add Foreman 3.11 release notes (#3045)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman.adoc

[id="foreman-headline-features"]
== Headline Features

=== Greatly decreased JavaScript size for plugins

> Previously Foreman's whole JavaScript bundle was duplicated in every plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, Foreman's whole JavaScript bundle was duplicated in every plugin.
```

Now a separate bundle is generated that Foreman and each plugin can reuse.

> In most plugins we saw a 2 to 3 MB reduction in size, so depending on the number of plugins this can easily save a lot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most plugins, we saw a 2 to 3 MB reduction in size and depending on the number of plugins, this can save a significant amount of space.
```

Author: I'd say it's not about saving space. In my understanding space is something that you take up on disk. That misses the point because it's about the transfer size and amount of processing required when loading the page.

While Foreman does compress and cache these JavaScript bundles, they still had to be loaded all the time.

For more details, see https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37252 and https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37391.

=== Running Foreman on {EL} 9 is fully supported

> Foreman 3.10 only supported {EL} 9 as experimental, but with this release it's fully supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreman 3.10 only supported {EL} 9 as experimental, but with this release it is fully supported.
```

[id="foreman-upgrade-warnings"]
== Upgrade Warnings

// If this section would be empty otherwise, uncomment the following line:

> There are no upgrade warnings with Foreman {ProjectVersion}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// There are no upgrade warnings with Foreman {ProjectVersion}.
```

=== keycloak-httpd-client-install dropped from {EL} 9

Foreman has shipped its own `keycloak-httpd-client-install` package because initially the version shipped in {EL} 7 was too old to support ODIC.

> Recently it was noticed that the version in {EL} 8 contains the required features, but still contains a https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-31496[packaging bug].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently it was noticed that the version in {EL} 8 contains the required features but still contains a https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-31496[packaging bug].
```

> The version in {EL} 9 contains all the required features, but is older than what Foreman has shipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version in {EL} 9 contains all the required features but is older than what Foreman has shipped.
```

Foreman 3.10 was the first release on {EL} 9 and it was marked as experimental.

> Because of that it's been decided to drop it from Foreman's {EL} 9 packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the decision has been made to remove it from Foreman's {EL} 9 packaging.
```
